A Blockchain-based Rating & Review Management System for E-commerce
-------------------------------------------------------------------

This was a major part of the final year project 
of my degree in Computer Science.

Here is a link to my full report on the project: 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JRa_KihH4Gopo4p28SmSYopL7iruWvSe/view?usp=sharing

__Goals__:
- Design and develop a blockchain-based system which can be used to store and manage the rating
and review records generated by an online shopping platform.

- Retrieve and visualize review data stored on the blockchain. For example, simple statistical
analysis, such as, ratings received in the last week, etc.

__Abstract from the report__:

The value of e-commerce is growing year after year. With evidence that reviews and ratings are
heavily influencing customer purchases, reviews are clearly a very valuable asset. E-commerce sites
have total control over the content and visibility of the review data in their private databases.
There exist the means, motive and opportunity to fake, edit or even delete review and rating
data. From the consumer perspective, this is a problem of trust. How can they trust that they
are reading authentic, unmodified reviews?
In order to demonstrate the ability of the blockchain to provide robust and reasonable solutions
to this problem of trust, a decentralised application was developed on the Ethereum blockchain,
to manage the rating and review data of the sort generated by an e-commerce site.


